PR for Charmcraft Django tutorial: Add note about unapplied migrations warning (#253)
canonical/open-documentation-academy: charmcraft/kubernetes-charm-django.rst

Install the packages:

.. literalinclude:: code/django/task.yaml
    :language: bash
    :start-after: [docs:install-requirements]
    :end-before: [docs:install-requirements-end]
    :dedent: 2

Create a new project using ``django-admin``:

.. literalinclude:: code/django/task.yaml
    :language: bash
    :start-after: [docs:django-startproject]
    :end-before: [docs:django-startproject-end]
    :dedent: 2

Run the Django app locally
--------------------------

We will test the Django app by visiting the app in a web
browser.

Change into the ``~/django_hello_world`` directory:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd django_hello_world

Open the settings file of the app located at
``~/django_hello_world/settings.py``. Update the ``ALLOWED_HOSTS`` setting
to allow all traffic:

.. code-block:: python

    ALLOWED_HOSTS = ['*']

Save and close the ``settings.py`` file.

Now, run the Django app to verify that it works:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:8000

.. note::

    Specifying ``0.0.0.0:8000`` allows for traffic outside of the Multipass VM.

    When you run the command for the first time, you will get a warning about unapplied migrations.

>     You can ignore this warning for now, as we are currently not performing any database operations. We will set this up in later sections.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to clarify what you mean by "this", maybe something like:
```suggestion
    You can ignore this warning for now, as we are currently not performing any database operations. We will set up a database in a later section.
```
